# Timetable-App

I've written an app that allows a student/teacher to record their school or college timetable timetable on their phone or tablet. This works on the basis that they have a 2 week timetable, 6 periods a day with the final one being an intervention session for extra support. 

The app works, storing data for the timetable, including groups and rooms in a relational SQL database. This is then stored on the phone so that it can be retrieved at a later date. 

The app will also let you navigate through the school year from the dashboard allowing you to search for specific dates. This calculates whether it would be a week A or B (using the terms table within the database) bringing back the relevent lessons for that day. 

I've also implemented a feature allowing the user to record down important dates, such as parents evening, which will be displayed on the dashboard. The dashboard will show only the important dates that will come up over the next 4 weeks. 

I'm currently testing my first prototype on a samsung galaxy s9 phone after ensuring the robustness of the code so far I would like to implement the following improvements. 

1. I'd like to re-deisgn the UI of the app by re-writing the XML files to make the app look more professional. 
2. I'd like to improve the dashboard to make sure that it shows reminders and holidays coming up (using cards). 
3. I'd add to the settings to allow the user to choose how many lessons per day, and how many interventions are being displayed. This will also require a re-design of the dashboard.

The app itelf has been written in Java, a the source code can be found in the --> src/main/java/com/example/mjpal/teachertoolkit --> folder.

The database is an SQL database generated by the app and stored on the phone itself. 

The user interface of the app is written in XML and can be found int he --> src/main/res/layout --> folder.  
